yes we have got enough ospital today and
I used to show you how to get the
wardens key so once you have started
around one what you want to do is revive
yourself so then after that you want to
get enough points to open the door so
the best thing to do with that is bitch
just kill zombies I sniffer to do that
is basically shoot me in the knee and
then I film you get maximum points all
these in other way which is probably the
best way to get more points you want to
down yourself and then once you have
done that go and open this generator and
zap it then unreleased double XP which
obviously you guys know that it would
definitely come in handy but you don't
wanna get it yet what you want to do is
basically revive yourself again I then
kill the last crawler rights know what
you have done that what you want to do
is report that the berries if you're not
rewarded and then during around to you
want to get the double XP and then you
want to get must kill most of a zombies
into you've got enough points to up in
the doll right so once you're up there
you go up the stairs and then normally
the wardens kill be right here hanging
off that chain right there but at this
moment it is not so the next pile bit is
through this door then right down at the
end which it is really easy these are
the only two spots it will end up being
on solar and even on multiplayer so
logically the ones in key is there so
all you have to do now is just down
yourself once again but you have to go
to make sure you can down yourself so
you don't wanna make a mistake clear-cut
revive yourself so once you have done
that you'll go into your afterlife then
you jump through the hole and then you
zap this awesome generator to release
the key so then once you've done that
you will jump out of the hole revive
yourself again and then hopefully the
the one is killed release which is so
that's really it guys if its total did
help you out you know what to do
subscribe for more black ops glitches or
crazy stuff and awesome stuff so yeah
thanks for watching and I hope you liked
this video and also comment on it
honestly written to help a lot so far
it's fortunate I'll see you later peace
out